welcome to rock moto today we're hanging
with rusty pistachio of h2o rusty is not
only a guitar player he also handcrafts
incredible jewelry and rides a few
different bikes including the supermoto
you're going to see today first we're
going to take a trip to the studio check
out how rusty makes his jewelry and then
we'll hit the road look like 14 15 years
ago when you guys first started the h2o
I was in grad school going I was going
to school for metals up in SUNY New
Paltz and Toby goes hey I want to start
this band buy a guitar sure i'm down cuz
i'd always sang for bands you know i'd
been three or four other bands pretty
interesting to to buy a hundred $25
guitar throw it on rollin to practice
and then not even three months later
we're playing our first show and then
six months after that i'm sick of it all
in sip took us on tour in europe for
like an eight week tour of europe so
here i am playing guitar for maybe six
seven months and all of a sudden we're
playing festival shows with these bands
it's 25,000 people in the audience and
we should how this happened
your car court scene back then it was on
the biggest bands back then were like
sick of it all Agnostic Front Murphy's
Law you could go to any corner you can
go hit up the niagara on seven and a or
back then i guess it was um de wah wah
hut he hung out east village you can
throw a stone without hitting like the
hardcore legend at least um by today's
standards coming off tour it's fantasy
and then coming back and have to get a
job and becoming a dad that's reality am
i wasting all my time here as much as
you love to play and tour and do your
thing on the road eventually it'll it'll
take its toll mentally and physically
you get home and for me I like to be
creative in in a few different ways and
the music definitely exercises a few
demons you know I get the jump right on
stage and play like them the like I'm a
rock star or whatever the jewelry in the
metal or the artwork definitely I get
the a little more cerebral
so that's usually the wax process and
then usually try and finish it as this
shiny pristine as possible and with the
band it's a collaboration you're up
there and you know it's a big party I
come in the studio and it's just me it's
something that I do totally by myself
you know without the help of any other
guys I grew up in Maryland we would go
on trail riding one year there was thing
called the mini bike rodeo you set up
cones two-by-fours all this kind of
stuff and you had to do was almost like
trials and I remember walk away with the
trophy I got a picture of me on this
little mini bike with putting Bowl
helmet and this big giant trophy big
smile on my face
motorcycle-riding reminds me a lot of
them it's definitely it shares a lot of
aspects from you when i'm playing guitar
them on stage there's moments where
you're so into the music and so in the
playing and just in the moment you just
do what comes natural and this is the
same with the motorcycle and i'm going
out on the road it's um definitely a
little more focus
when you're on stage play it's like you
have these highs where the music fast
and going crazy and then you roll a
little segues between songs and you know
same when you're riding the canyons you
come around some tight turns and if
there's a series of turns you just
cranking and hitting them as fast or as
far as you can and you can just lay back
Michael I was cool let your heart rate
come back and
New York City for a motorcycle riding is
it's an adventure in New York City cab
they always but you out of the lane and
give it a tap on the door they don't
listen to kick their mirror off and then
take a right turn it happened I think
I'd collected about five mirrors don't
tell anyone
if you can baby lies